excellent in all right
awesome okay so I am going to call to
order the town of Andover Board of
Selectmen regular meeting for Monday
July 8th at 7:07 pm and our first item
of business is the Pledge of
Allegiance I pledge allegiance to the
flag of the United States of America
United States of America and to the
Republic for which it stands one nation
under God indiv indivisible liberty and
justice for justice for
all very much
um well the second item is uh additions
and changes to the
agenda did any of the members have
anything that they'd like to
add um if me just 10 seconds I wanted to
just double check something here
sure no looks like everything I
requested is on there so okay okay Scott
anything for you I'm good thank you
okay all right so we're GNA move on to
item three which is public speak and
we'll start with Jeff Ballard you're
first on my screen I know you have an
issue Jeff that you're talking about so
this is just public speak uh I'm good
until we get to item number four okay
you got it Diane
granier yeah I just want to give uh
public kudos to Jeff Ballard and his
group of people that have been working
on the community garden I think it's
looking wonderful he's been harvesting
food for the food pantry which I think
is uh another wonderful thing and it a
big success um for Andover here to have
him and his group doing what they're
doing and I appreciate it and I'm sure
the rest of Andover residents do also
so thank
you right thank you very nice uh Leanne
Hutchinson
hello yes yes I was just I was just
curious as to whether or not the Andover
finest program from a year or so ago was
going to be an ongoing thing or yearly
or quarterly or something I don't have
anyone new to submit or anything I was
just curious um what the
format um if that's going to be ongoing
or um if that's just to be
determined uh it will be ongoing it
probably be something that we do
annually but we have not um we're in the
thick of summer so soon as we get out of
Summer we'll figure
something all right thank you uh Bill
pen uh no comments I'm just uh evees
dropping tonight thank you excellent uh
Joan Eber I'm all set thanks all right
and then I assume that
6122 is Mike and Kathy
pazi is that
accurate No Okay uh phone number 860 916
6122 public
speak
okay let me see am I missing
anybody uh there's another phone on
there
3815 that was Leanne Hutchinson that was
lean
yeah so I don't know how how everybody
else feels but if the 6122 doesn't
unmute to identify themselves I'm gon to
remove them that's Kathy Bazi it is yeah
okay I thought it was I thought I
thought I heard them speaking during
if I can just speak um Kathy uh uh
texted me they're having problems
getting on so that is her and they're
having some technical issues okay that
is her that is her cell phone number I
checked in my contacts I have Kathy
plazi on speed dial in case I need
her all right
um we're gonna now move on from public
speak if I did not miss anyone if I
missed anyone please speak up no okay
item four um board and commission
presentations uh a library board of
directors do we have anything from the
library board today Diane I didn't
believe so that was I I think that I was
supposed to be uh talking about whether
the board of Selectmen has come to
um a decision on a location for uh
Daniel Pino's uh burnap tall
clock um last the last the last time I
addressed the board of Selectmen um I
was asked whether there was any issue to
you know any rush on it and there hasn't
been it's been ongoing for uh since last
fall has has have people have the board
of Selectmen read the 17 Page Arthur
lien report on the burnap
clock uh I reviewed it I'm not sure I
could tell you I uh got through all 17
pages
um I'm wrong did we did we originally
say we we were going to put it in the
community room in the town hall I
thought we talked about putting it in
there but we didn't come to a conclusion
I'm trying to remember from a couple
months
ago it was my understanding was that it
was on hold until you figure out what's
going on with the new building and the
community room and I was asked whether
there was any urgency in this and I said
no okay so any right because you told us
it was being refurbished it's ready to
be it's ready to be displayed um the
last uh uh I heard from Daniel Pino um
which is back in April was that uh Mr
Crump who was repairing the clock had
personal problems and it's ready to set
up but I haven't heard any more he but
um he
wanted there were two conditions um a
that that um Dennis O'Brien were to
reach out um to Daniel Pino and I had
given Eric his Daniel Pino's contact
information uh to establish a contract
between the town and Daniel Pino so
everything is clear and and everybody's
on the same page and then he was not
happy with the
library um display area which is to the
right of the exit going out of the
library small wall because it was
traffic pattern and he wanted an
alternate place to display the clock so
uh Jeff um we're actually having the
grand opening for the new building in
August if we can all get down there and
then look at the room you're in and the
the community center if we can find a
un acceptable location we'll sit there
and do that so why don't we plan on
doing that this month into next month so
we can have an answer for you that's I
think I think I we have to see what F
once it's furnished in there I I just
don't want to pick a spot and it's gonna
be high traffic so I think it's best to
maybe get an idea the grand opening but
no no I we're we're talking about the
community room not the new
building so the room that he's in that
we can also put it there which is going
to be load traffic but
um let's do this offline and get
together with Jeff and and truly sit
down and say
okay what is the purpose where is it
going to be why is it gonna be
there um so let's do this after the fact
Paul so Jeff we'll get with you uh
outside of this meeting to do this
that's fine uh you had requested
pictures and size of the clock at which
I had supplied okay and that's in the 17
Page document I believe so okay all
right um Community
Gardens
4B okay um thank you very much for um
for allowing us to have the fans I was a
little disappointed that we didn't get
the extra five feet in front of the beds
but it is up and it's
functional I am asking permission since
we don't have power to um the shed so we
can't use a shallow well pump to supply
water collected um to the irrigation
system and so I am doing research on
solar panels and a solar pump for the
shed to supply enough pump pressure just
to pump the collected rainwater to the
irrigation system that was the first
thing that I was asking that I'd like to
request and the second is that I've been
in contact with an apiary a beekeeper
from Willam manic who used to do the uh
Farmers Market down at the church and he
is very enthusiastic about setting up
hives outside the garden
fence which should promote pollinators
and be an educational tool for the
Elementry School and people involved
with the
garden okay on the um solar panels can
you at least get with Eric and have you
gotten with Eric to review where to put
them in how much power is potentially
going to be
generated no I'm I'm still doing the
research to find out whether whether
it's applicable to to our um to our
garden pump and and our our irrigation
system I have gone to Columbia uh
Community guard
and they're doing gravity feed from a
thousand gon tank on the
hill for a deep well all right so if you
can sit there and and come back to us
you know I don't think anybody I I will
not have a problem with you doing it as
long as it's uh uh going to do what you
want and we're not going to have
problems related to it uh but come back
to us when you have all of the details
sorted out and and I recommend you get
with Eric quickly uh to go through that
to sit there and see if it's a viable
solution for what you're trying to do
Jeff um the other question I had was uh
have the board of
Selectmen at least visited the garden
and see seeing what we're we're doing
down there yeah great it looks really
great beautiful I haven't seen it with a
fence I haven't been in town for a week
and a half and we also have um a
Facebook page
I'm
not sorry uh I will be down there on
Thursday and I will look at it Jeff so
if you're there I will go in the back
and pick a tomato if little cherry
tomatoes are not already you're GNA have
a problem with that it's all locked up
okay I'll walk around the
outside as far as the bees yeah in favor
of the
bees I would be in I would be in favor
of the bees but what I would tell you to
do is you got to go get permission from
the school because the beehives are
pretty close to the school and you got
to make sure that we're not causing the
school any undue problems so go if the
superintendent approves of the bees then
come back and you know I I'm I'm all in
favor of you utilizing bees and you know
but it's a it's a bigger issue than just
us saying yes um we're close to school
property and we want to be good
neighbors so okay all right yeah at one
when I was a kid there were beehives
located on school property but that was
a long time ago I don't know when they
were how long they were but I know at
least at one point on their property
okay well if um the principal and school
superintendent approve of the bees being
where Jeff and his group want to put
them um come back to us and I think
we'll be fine thank you yep
anybody else have any other questions
for Jeff or any other issues no
um agenda item five appointments Eric
any
appointments uh not at this time
although I suggest you all make a few
appointments tonight but that's later on
in the agenda okay um item six
resignations uh sixa Steve Nelson from
pnz I'm assuming that all the other
members saw the resignation letter in
our
packet and uh Jed and
um the pnz group are going to um put out
a request for a new member is that
accurate Scott yeah it's already been
advertised for about three weeks now
something like that P Patrick put his
name in Patrick
Dy that he would be interested
in being a member all right that's good
um item seven uh Town Administrator
report I know we didn't get a tangible
written report but let's hear our verbal
report from Eric sure uh so real quick
I've been gone a lot of this month so I
don't have a ton to report um the HVAC
system for the town hall is completed uh
it's largely been commissioned other
than we still need to hook up the the
propane the the boiler itself as be
commission um they're currently working
this week on the fire department uh
HVAC um so hopefully that will be
completed by the end of this
week um we had found an engineer that
would have uh evaluated the plumbing
issues and given us a work plan for the
uh Elementary
School um the School Board of Education
decided that they weren't particularly
happy with that and wanted to uh find a
different engineer so um that's delayed
indefinitely if they come back to us
with a different engineer um I guess
we'll evaluate that proposal um and then
go from there um as far as can I ask a
question on that why what was the issue
related to the engineer you selected I
have no idea
they just said they wanted to find one
on their
own pretty
much
okay
um uh Community Center update um
unfortunately not a whole lot of work
went on over the last three weeks while
we were gone um they are supposed to be
in
tomorrow uh doing the final grading and
seating in the front area um and I've
kind of transferred responsibility for
the back area to public works because I
think we need to get the grading set and
I I don't really at this point have all
that much Faith uh in their site
contract or that it'll get done
correctly if we leave it with Leading
Edge
um so other than that they did paint all
the lines for the parking lots this
afternoon so that came out well um we
are scheduled to get the tree the lilac
tree that will go in the center of the
island looking at picking that up
Wednesday and installing that Wednesday
and Thursday uh with Public Works um
been working with the beautification
commission and Christine Randazzo on
kind of like an overall plan for
landscaping um with the intention of
picking all the plants selected up at
the end of this week uh and her
intention is to plant them as soon as
next Monday so we can uh get them
established and water them and and have
them in and looking good um prior to the
Grand Opening so those are the major
things relative to the community center
um Scott you want to add
anything no sound good okay um
obviously transfer station stickers are
in full swing we have uh done reasonably
well with that we don't have too many uh
unhappy people relative to that so
that's a good
thing
[Music]
um um I am meeting with uh Mrs
Hutchinson um regarding tree trimming on
her property uh in
relation to the Bunker Hill Bridge um so
I'm meeting with her tomorrow morning um
hopefully that they won't have a problem
with allowing the town to do some
limited clearing prior to the start of
the federal local bridge programs we get
around the the federal restrictions on
time of year we're allowed to clear and
Grub um Long Hill Bridge uh I emailed
everybody today I just sent you all the
zoom link um tomorrow is the meeting for
the lill bridge design at 7 pm tomorrow
uh so if you want to hear more
information about that what bridge type
was selected ask any questions you want
to ask um that will be uh you have that
and I believe that's on the town's
website uh
also um and that's basically all I have
unless you have questions for me
directly on the Long Hill Bridge um I
will not be able to attend that but I'm
assuming Eric that that is going to be
um recorded an a suitable exterior
design you know we had talked about the
type of aesthetic look of that bridge
because of where it's located
um are you going to P we're going to
push for that correct yes we are going
to push for that being a little more
aesthetic this the replacement is quite
a bit wider and also quite a bit longer
the existing Bridge has a free span of
40 feet the replacement has a free span
of 80 feet so it have a lot more volume
capability to handle uh high water um
and yeah and it's it's wider so it will
be travel Lanes plus two shoulders plus
a dedicated uh
walkway um on the bridge
itself
okay I think Jeff's talking about the
outside if it's we're gonna they're
going to put like Stone facade on it yes
we we have that was discussed early on
and we did say that we wanted because
that was in a highly visible
location um we wanted the aesthetic
treatment on the outside of the bridge
so it looks appropriate to the
area all right that's good it's going to
be that big and it's going to move that
much water hopefully it won't it'll
allow less water we push back onto the
fields SC so exactly y okay it wouldn't
be a terrible idea for a couple members
of the public to mention the problems
with traffic um because even though I
continue to hammer them um they it would
be nice for them to hear from the public
that they're concerned about you know
traffic delays on Route Six once
everything has to go out Handy Road so
if anybody or you are happen to be on
that call and you happen to bring up
that point while it's being recorded by
the do and putting it on the record that
would be
good okay so your your concern just so
we're clear is traffic delay is on to
six during construction
correct okay right now it's it's
delayed at like 4 in the afternoon right
I mean the the traffic is backed up to
sometimes Wales road I think from light
at
316 so if they well that's so we're
asking them something screwed up with
the signal again yeah um so I've asked
Jade uh to call their signals division
directly and get them back out here to
retweaked because that that is that does
appear to be a problem I got a couple
complaints about that
today yeah so but but but you're
bringing up the fact that everybody's
gonna be going down Hy and there's going
to be more traffic backed up on Route
Six trying to get out on Route Six
especially since there's no light
especially since there's no
light it will definitely be a
there's no question about
that okay anybody else have any other
questions for
Eric okay we're going to move on to item
eight old business 8A Community Center
construction update um Eric gave us that
mostly in his administration
administrator report Scott do you have
anything that you really want to add for
us oh no they still have a lot to do
inside here like Eric said that not a
lot got done very few things got done in
the two weeks that he was gone the major
thing was the sidewalk in the back got
deleted they're working on it now
but it's not coming along as quickly as
we'd like to
see okay
um
the one second I needed to pull up
something Eric Sanders did say he felt
that uh they could
deliver um that they would have
substantial
completion um by the
19th that is his
goal the 19th of July July 19
okay okay um Paula just to make sure
that everybody's aware the um well it's
on here forget it
um 8B um discussion of blight and level
of involvement um in our packet there
was a blight and violation status report
dated June
5th um Eric anything that you want to
add to this or anybody have any
issues no other than we already have we
have our advertising for uh Jim's
replacement as a zoning and blight
enforcement officer but I don't think
we've really gotten any uh replies yet
to
it
okay and then um just related to this
there was
um you sent us a crog legislative
update and I believe there's new law
passed that all fines can be leaned
against
properties that that is true we
can uh for both light and now for zoning
violations you can lean properties for
zoning violations now okay and so have
we applied for the leans especially on
the in that one individual property
that's
listed uh not that I know of I don't
know whether he's paid the town off or
not I know he was officially fined but I
don't know what the status of that is
okay so can we make sure that
we what forth a lean on that so that we
can get compensated for all the effort
that has gone into that trying to get
that property cleaned
up it's very good to see that long
list of the bladed PL properties and
that we're continuing to work on
this yeah there are a lot of these that
have been resolved and there's some that
are pending and but it was a very
thorough list it was yeah interesting to
uh read and
um it's it's sad we're going to have to
replace our our blight enforcement agent
and our zoning agent I'm sad to see
that um okay any other questions on
that okay 8C advisory boards for the
senior uh Community Center
um we had received
um
various people that were putting their
names forth to serve on those
committees uh let's go through those
names so Linda Armstrong Linda Chasey
Doris malano Katie VZ for the community
center advisory
committee is that all of the individuals
Eric
that is but I think there are a couple
people that would cross like if they
didn't get on the senior center advisory
committee would consider the community
center advisory
committee
um and what would the reason be for us
not to appoint all of
them I I think for the community center
one I probably would appoint all of them
for the senior center one you're gonna
have to just make a decision how big is
too big you know how effective for that
committee you know and that then the
question is do you want people double
dipping do you want people on multiple
committees or do you want to take the
people that are already for instance on
the wreck committee uh that's also
Advisory Board to also be on a second
board and there's no right or wrong
answer those are just things you ought
to
consider
well I'm
not these are advisory boards and
hopefully there'll be people that are
participating and that will volunteer to
do do posi
programs for the individual groups I
don't see any reason
to I mean the only one that is on the
rec commission is Carol Lee isn't that
accurate
uh
correct um Kim HW is also on the
recission
um and you know look they they'd both be
fine advisors I'm not it just the
question is do you want that how many do
you want to pick um I personally think
11 is a little unwieldy for an advisory
committee just my
unwieldy well why don't we do what if we
do um alternates if somebody's not
available all right so why don't we put
um Kim Halls Carol
Lee
on I mean listen I read the resume for
KY
V's i' put her on both um I mean I look
at I look at Kathy pazi and George JX
and they've all been participating in
this Roberta do Roberta has participated
Linda Armstrong has participated sure
well what's how I guess how are these
meetings going to function are I would
imagine they're all meeting at the same
time or are they are we separating them
like I guess we have to kind of
understand that first right I don't
think we're talking about a single
meeting which has the senior committee
the Community Committee and the recck
committee all meeting at once with this
person I think that's way too UNM I
think we're looking at you know kind of
defining roles for each of those three
groups and say you know kind of here's
your wheelous here's what we're looking
for in terms of
advice
okay so you had Linda Armstrong
but Linda said she would she would jump
over to the other side yeah Linda Lind
CH I mean all of these
individuals uh with the exception of
Doris so you get ktie
I wish these Pages were I have to keep
scrolling back and forth to look at
names yeah side by side
here um
well
then so we got Linda Linda AR joh g
k
okay Eric could you separate them and
put them on a list and share it listen
let's um let's uh I'm gonna nominate for
the community center advisory committee
Linda Armstrong Linda Chase Doris
amelonado and kitty
VES a second that was five Jeff there's
four of
them so can you say that again so I get
it written down Doris Linda Armstrong
Linda Armstrong Linda Cassie and I'm not
sure I'm pronouncing her name correctly
Doris
Mado and Katie VES for the community
center advisory committee
okay and it was seconded and so
um especially Doris and um Katie I know
their requests were
very um and Doris
also so um we're nominating those Let's
uh let's vote on that all those in favor
hang on question I'm trying to
understand
are you thinking that recommission
people are going to be included on this
side well this group is just gonna make
I mean the way I look at this is that
they'll they'll meet and they'll take
you know input from the rec commission
and input it from every then come back
to us and say these are the programs
that we should try to Institute and
hopefully they'll stay involved and and
work with us to get those those programs
instituted I mean all of the groups are
going to be involved we're going to be
involved the rec commission is going to
be
involved okay I I understand understand
what you're saying
okay okay next group all those in favor
I I okay I three 0 all right and then
the next Group which is
the the senior advisory commit
so Kathy
pazi hold on for one second I would on
the list that's in our packet Linda
Armstrong is is on it Linda chasy is on
it
and Katy VES is on that so we're we're
not going to put them up for this
committee all right is that acceptable
to everybody yes yep all right so we got
Roberta dhy
Louise
Goodman and we're not going to put up
anyone on the rec
Commission because they're going to be
involved in all of
this all right Leanne
Hutchinson Joe King
George
Knox Kathy
pazi and Bill Penn so that gives
us is that seven one two three four five
six seven
individuals I think that
I think that's a fair number
okay all right and then everybody
who
um wanted to volunteer has a position on
one of the boards with the exception of
Carol Lee and Kim Halls who are on the
rec commission who are going to be
actively involved in everything that
goes on in that building
okay you right could if you wanted to
add alternates you could add some of
them as alternates
also so
you're so we could add Kim hws and Carol
Lee as
alternates you could do
that I have no problem doing
that okay so I'm going to make a motion
that we appoint
to the senior advisory
committee Roberta dhy Louise Goodwin
Leanne Hutchinson Joe King George Knox
Kathy pazi and Bill Penn and that we
also name Kim halls and Carol Le's
alternates I'll second that okay further
discussion on that all those in favor
I okay 3 on that
one
right um 8D Charter revision committee
uh we uh the charter revision committee
has been meeting on Tuesdays tomorrow we
have another meeting uh which is the 9th
uh on the 16th we're anticipating having
a public hearing on uh a draft of the
items that the proposed Charter changes
and and then uh we would be providing to
the board of Selectmen the draft report
on the 22nd
as we've been requested to do
it um that's it for that uh 8e Community
Center Grand
Opening okay so I wanted to I don't want
to take a long time but I wanted to talk
about some updates on this and ask some
questions um the recission
has met twice I've talked to them twice
about this and um they are on board with
um working on that day we're very very
fortunate to have them doing this so I'm
very grateful for them um we chose a
date of Saturday August 10th I want to
make sure I'm saying the right date
here
correct um
August 10th so Friday before we were
going to give the seniors a sneak peek
um after their senior lunch they're
going out of town that day so when they
come back um they're all they're all
coming back to the parking lot and then
we are giving them a sneak peek um an
and Scott are available to walk them
through the building and answer any
questions so that'll give them a um an
opportunity see it that day if they
can't make it Saturday so Saturday's
event we talked about doing from 4: to
7: um there's going to be food that the
recommission is providing and
drinks um I I'm suggesting I think it
makes most sense for obvious reasons
we're going to do the ribbon cutting at
four
o'clock um I did talk to Steve Weir and
MD Ramen so they are both attending that
day so I will talk to the press and and
invite them for some pictures and some
things to capture that day um I'm going
to order a banner to put on the building
um that'll kind of act as a temporary
sign until we get our um permanent sign
on board so I wanted to well I talked to
Eric about
this the size is still to be determined
because I'm trying to think of a
location to make it work on the building
when we talked about the entrance way I
thought that was a great place for it
and then when we take our pictures we do
the ribbon cutting there but the problem
is it's going to hang a little low for
taller people which I don't have that
problem but um we're still working on
the size so
um I have to go back down there and kind
of talk to Eric so if anybody wants to
meet with us that day to kind of talk
about how you know how we're attaching
it to the building Eric had a good idea
um little fine Nails um I'm going to put
grommets in the banner but I just want
to make sure that we you have a sign
that's going to stay up look good but
keep in mind that it's a brand new
building when we're putting something on
there how heavy is it Banner you think
it's gonna be a vinyl banner so not not
heavy at all so can you use the stick on
things I
don't but then it's going to you know
leave like a something uh when you take
it down no they they pull right out
are you talking about like double-sided
sticky on the B might be able to do it
with like the 3M yeah those 3M things
come right out you just pull on down the
oh you're talking about so like a hook a
3M yeah okay yeah
might are they I've used them indoors
are they good for outdoors so if it
rains will the adhesive come off yeah
there's there's a one foot overhang
there so
right but the problem with putting
it I was going to it's not going to be
oh you're talking about on the side of
the
building I'm trying to think is
everybody okay if we put it on the side
I feel like that's probably the best
place for a banner to sit but we won't
get like a good picture opportunity
during the ribbon cutting
so I'm talking about the front of the
building aren't aren't
we walking into the front door it's it's
G to hang too there in order to have the
print on the banner look good that's the
problem I think it's a great spot I
think that's ideal because then when we
cut the ribbon it's across the threshold
of where you're walking through to get
into the building but the banner is
going to hang too low for taller people
to you know it's why can't we push the
ribbon cutting out further so that the
photo works and the banner is in the
right spot what do you attach it
to attach the banner to the building no
the ribbon the
ribbon can't we get like um we could
pound a couple stakes in the ground fix
no not even Stakes why can't we get why
can't we get um I'm assuming someone
has like U if you went to the theater
you would have those two metal oh yeah
yeah we can figure it out I mean that's
something we can figure out Paul maybe
what we do is we go you and I down there
and say okay if this is how the
photograph was taken
here's well worse comes to worse we put
the banner on the building and we keep
the ribbon where the um the opening to
the building is I I we don't have to
overthink it either so I was just trying
to think of some options
um so like a some kind of plastic post
Eric that you could possibly get from U
line maybe no we'll we'll figure that
out
possible um
it's just weighted on the bottom it's
all it's going to be holding is a
ribbon we we'll figure that
out
um are we did we
no e okay let's continue with details
and budget um I'm coming to you tonight
to talk about the budget for this day
because we we want to make it you know a
fun event we're going to have popcorn
and all sorts of things and out outdoor
fun things we're going to have a band um
in the
building I kind of like I'm going back
and forth on this but I like I liked
Eric's idea of wine and cheese and we
have you know like a we we pop a cork on
on um champagne outside but want to get
your thoughts on this the rest of the uh
the board and then that's going to kind
of determine our budget because
I think the recommission was thinking
sandwiches and and um just simple food
outside because it's going to be a hot
day so standing behind a grill is going
to be um asking for a lot so they they
would like to do um they're planning on
doing sandwiches and Waters and drinks
and then we're going to have a cake or
some sort of celebratory dessert but in
the building I think we could have some
we can have a speaker going with you
know fancy music inside and that could
be the kind of fancy part of the
celebration so what do we think about
wine and cheese inside or how do how do
we feel about
that I have no problem with it I mean I
don't necessarily know I mean we could
have a lot of people come to this I'm
not I'm not talk have we could have very
few people come to this I'm not talking
about large wine glasses you know
we're you know just a like a a board you
know Board of like grapes and cheese
inside and and uh they you know
everything's kind of out for people to
take so um but Scott do you have any
problems with that no
okay um why don't we make it a
no BYOB B celebration you know well that
could get out
of so um we are talking with the um some
I don't know if Carol has yet but we
were contacting the library and the
firehouse um to you know maybe have some
crafts and their popcorn and maybe a
fire truck for the kids um there will be
a band in the Gazebo um and I'm thinking
I don't think we will spend this much
but I'm asking for a budget of 2,000
that day just because um the band is
going to be you know a nice touch and we
want to make sure that we have enough
money for that and the food um I did
talk to the rec commission and we talked
about cont cont comfortably saying I
think 2,000 for that day um is going to
be good with the banner and decorations
and and other other signs around town so
I wanted to vote on that and see if um
anybody had any questions about
that uh I mean I don't have a problem
with the money I think we should try to
fund raise a little bit and sit there
and see if we can offset that because
Eric will have to find somewhere to pull
that out of because it wasn't budgeted
for
correct okay
correct correct but I think you
could you could take that out of the
multi-use building fund I think that's
close enough to the the goal of that
fund that that would be a reasonable
appropriation for
that
okay then Paula let's make your motion
and reference that and we'll still sit
there and see if we can fund raise to
offset
that um fund rais and do you have ideas
on fundraising or because we're I think
we can make it happen but we're almost a
month out so well you're gonna get
you're gonna get your $2,000 budget pass
right now and then if you can if we can
we'll find either some extra money or a
way to offset The multi-use Bu building
fund
withdrawal understand okay I make a
motion um to approve $2,000 up to $2,000
for the grand opening of the community
and Senior Center
building I'll second second that we'll
both second it we both second now all
vote all those in favor
I okay
all right excellent
okay uh 8f a senior community center
director can we just there was
eii eii sorry and I made a typo when I
sent this to Kate so it should instead
of saying office
name I meant to say off official name or
building sign and this will help me on
understand what to put on the banner
that day too
so did we did the committee or did we
ever kind of come to a solid decision on
what the name of the building is going
to be I just want to make sure that um I
understand that for the banner I I was
suggesting let me pull it
up
Eric so a while
back uh the board has decided that the
official name was the endover senior SLC
Community
Center um Paula had a a really good
thought and that it looks a lot smarter
to say Andover senior and Community
Center and just use the little and sign
um instead of Slash which to me I think
looks better but that's just me um can I
make a recommendation that we Swit
switch it and we say Andover Community
and senior center right I I would agree
with Jeff on that that's what I would
suggest also we could call it the
acsc for
sure acsc
is I don't like that sorry Jee I don't
like that you don't like that initials
you don't I don't like that
no no no no no I wasn't saying I was
saying that for other things uh the
building the official name of the
building and reason why I'm saying that
is
because I like having Senior Center at
the end of it
okay um can I share my screen sure go
ahead hopefully give a visual
here
um
cheers y oh say that
again say what again sorry my my
internet's uh stalled out what did you
say
Eric oh sorry I was talking about John
chaponis just waved goodbye he's had
enough for the day
oh so you're
saying um Jeff the Andover
Community just switch community and see
yeah yeah yeah and probably put the ERS
in on the bottom does it have to to have
the in
it um for this purpose I think it makes
sense yeah yeah but in the final sign is
it gonna say
the um I I think well we don't have to
put it on the side of the building if
you're asking that Scot yeah that's what
I'm
saying
okay I kind of think you're going to get
the scene senior contingent wound up if
you put Community Center first
person Kathy pazi will I wind you up if
I put Community
First you can speak please okay um I
personally I like it to say grand
opening endover community and Senior
Center we can sell that we can buy it
it's great okay thank you Kathy but I
don't like take that
out sorry Paula you don't like that yeah
I like endover Community a senior
center perfect so the official name is
now going to be Andover Community and
Senior
Center
yes you have great taste
Kathy um
um it looks better visually without the
yes I think it's I I'm in my marketing
and communication brain it makes more
sense with the but
visually all right I'm gonna chew on
that Kathy and Scott I'll chew
on yeah good and if you said Community
if you said Senior Center and community
what building it no no it wouldn't look
good I mean you don't want to put a
slash you don't you don't slash and over
community and Senior Center I mean
because basically what it's saying it's
a community center and a senior center
so the
an is is getting
to
center right I have no problem with that
as a name and then we can put that on
the side of the
building you know
um you know we could put it on the side
of the building with Andover and then
community and Senior Center underneath
it Paula so like you could sit there and
go and over community and Senior Center
all on one line kind of thing so but you
play with that and we'll we'll live with
what you come up with okay well I just
want to nail down the official name so
that we can get the banner um finalized
so okay thank you for okay and and I
didn't have it by today Leading Edge had
promised me proofs of the name for what
they were going to put propos to put on
the side of the building so now we're
going to change it and it's going to say
and over and then
underneath community and Senior Senate
correct so that's what I'm telling them
the new proof needs to be say that one
yes one more time and over and over on
one line and then community and and
Senior Center on the next
line or do you want it three lines what
would you like won't fit on two it won't
fit um please please share why isn't it
just the same way yeah why can't we just
do it um on
two three lines but look the Amper sand
would be three lines
yeah um Eric share the proof share the
proof from Leading Edge with Paula all
right and and the team so we can just
see it but I'm assuming Eric like I in
my head Eric you could put hand over on
a double-sized font on the side of the
building and then you know community and
Senior Center underneath it in a smaller
font it might work uh appropriately for
what we're trying to do I'm assuming
they're going to
have um
either carved out letters or
something different I I'd like to see it
so but that's how I would imagine it
would be it would be like Andover in a
bigger font and then community and
Senior Center in a smaller font
underneath it and it would space itself
out
correctly okay yeah let's take if you
don't mind Eric send me the send me the
proof when they have that for you well I
mean now the proof that we asked for is
irrelevant so I mean we're going to have
to tell them how we want the thing if
we're going to get a proof that you want
so send why don't you give me a copy of
what you want for a proof and I'll have
them make
that well they're designing it so are
they giving you only one or two edits
or what okay Paula Paula if you get on
with me after I don't know but look this
is the
lowest Paula if you and I can get
together we can use your graphic skills
and come up with something and then give
it back to Eric but
understand what you're saying Jeff with
I I get it I just don't I would have to
look at it visually with the proof I
know what so yeah yeah but what Eric
what Eric is sitting there saying is
give them the basic of the design that
we're looking to have and then they'll
sit there and create a proof and then
we'll look at it again inside off on it
so I can fix what I have Tonight Eric
and send it to you and then they can run
with it tell them this is what the
banner is going to look like but I'll
fix it based on what Jeff just suggested
and then I can email it to you and you
can send it to them sound good okay yeah
if you could get that to me tomorrow I
can send it off yeah I'll get it to you
tonight it's awesome yeah okay um Paul
are we all set with
ad yes yes all right we're gonna move on
to ADF uh Senior Community Center
Director um Eric so real quick um
because you're the board of Selectmen
you got to sign off on any interview
panel for that my suggestion would be
myself a board of Selectmen member the
uh the director for the basically the
equivalent job title in centry um has
agreed to sit in on the interview panel
for this she seemed like a really
knowledgeable candidate um not candidate
but but uh um you know director in her
own right and then who else do you want
to serve on the
pin so we need to get get Kraken on this
I need to know who you as a board want
to have in sitting on that interview
pin have somebody from the rec
commission
participate okay who do you
want uh ask the res Rec commission who
would you know
who would be available and would want to
do it I mean
obviously you know Carol is there but
you know if there's other member of the
board uh the recommission that would
want to do it no problem and then um why
not I mean how many do you want to limit
this to
four I certainly wouldn't want more than
four yet okay so then we just need a
member of the board of Selectmen so I
mean I'll participate in that when When
is the on or Scott or Paul any of us it
doesn't matter when's the when's the
schedule um so depending on who we pick
I would circulate all the resumés that
we have so far and ask you all who you
wanted to interview and then set it up
as fast as I
can okay um Scott do you want to
participate in this or Paula I mean i'
I'd much rather see you or Paula I I
started a new job so I'm I'm not
available during the day as much as I
used to be
so sounds like me um Eric get me the
timeline and I'll make sure I'm
available so it's me you the individual
from centry and a member from the rec
commission okay do you want a senior rep
on that too or are you planning because
I'm too young to be the senior rep for
that well with my hair I can
qualify fair enough
okay um 8G Board of selectman future
goals
meeting so Eric you had said you didn't
want to do it during the regular
scheduled Board of selectman meeting and
you were going to talk to the other
members I know you and I had a
discussion as to my goals and what I
would want to do um when do you want to
do this and let's put on the calendar
well
maybe because
we're yeah we're missing two board
members
so let's let's talk about this next
meeting Eric but we still want to do in
September because we're fairly busy even
now that it's summer it's July August is
going to be a meeting and then also the
grand opening so we're g to have some
issues in August so uh we'll we'll
schedule it for September but we'll
schedule it next me so put this on old
business for next
meeting um 8h public information meeting
for for the long uh Hill Road Bridge
Eric you talked about that
already right so um that's tomorrow
correct that is tomorrow and is it a
zoom meeting it is a zoom meeting what
time is it it's at 7 pm. 7 PM okay and
the zoom link is on the town's website
also sent it all to you individually is
it a town meeting or do meeting it is
run by the doot it is a public
meeting okay no I was more interested in
there's also a meeting for
um there's a meeting for uh Charter
revision and I didn't want there to be a
conflict on the town's Zoom account no
that's not on the towns that is very
definitely this is run by do
um we are we are guests in their meeting
all right 8i uh ordinance for dogs on
the fields we're going to push that off
till um um our next meeting if anyone
doesn't have a problem with
that okay um move on to nine
um um we're going to go into new
business uh Veterans Memorial um field
the soccer camp bill
so just wanted to touch
face Vale has their um their second
session for their summer session coming
up so um I was going to talk to Zach and
just kind of have a conversation but
wanted to bring everybody up to speed
with the dates for that and then um I
think Eric and I Eric you and I kind of
talked about this a little bit Y is
anything else that
you want to share from that conversation
that you and I had no I mean the only
the only thing we really need from them
is how many people they had in each
session really because that's how we
structured the the financial Arrangement
between the two of them well why don't
we get that information for the first
session and Scott I'm sure we'll have
some feedback as to what he's seen and
then we'll sit there and see what the
second section looks like so we can make
sure that we're all in semi
alignment y okay and um I'll call Zach
this week and um talk to him about that
just to get a heads up and it's going to
from what Eric was telling me it's two
fiscal years so it'll be two different
you know sessions and bills
so um okay all right um 9B the plan of
conservation and development vision
statement Eric I know you included that
into our packet yeah I just thought you
guys should should be aware of where uh
the uh zoning commission was going in
terms of the plan of conservation and
development um this is kind of how they
decided to structure the next pocd
starting with a set of vision statements
and then grouping the the discussion and
the topics based on on those vision
statements so that gives you kind of the
outline of what the uh their objectives
are with the pocd uh and where they're
going with it so I think they've been
working really hard on it and and uh I
think we're GNA end up with a great
product okay uh Scott do you want to add
to
that no just you know when you get a
minute take some time and read
it I did I thought it was good very good
9C uh Department of Public Work salt
contract um so Eric you had two
different competing bids Cargill and one
of the other lower ones which one are
you going with yeah so what Jay asked is
that the the lowest bid was Morton it's
about three bucks a ton lower but we
really struggled with them the last time
you know we had Morton I think three
years ago as our supplier um and we
really struggled with them frankly um
getting supp
um on a timely fashion before we ran out
of salt so Jay has asked that we go with
Cargill which is three bucks more a ton
so it's not you know free but you know
they've been very successful and and we
know when we call them we get our salt
and we have no problems
so that would be my but but because
we're not taking the lowest bidder I
thought that's an appropriate discussion
discuss to be having with the board of
Selectmen um and not me necessarily
making on my own I'll motion to uh use
Cargill as
our second okay no problem um just to
make everyone aware so the maximum
difference between the two is 2104
$2,100 and
four basically Eric we have 400 ton or
800 ton we have a minimum of 400 ton
we're obligated for right so that's the
the way it works is um you give them
your best guess to how as to how much
you're going to use um and but you're
obligated to take at least half of that
um and you can take more too but you
know then if you take more than 800
tons they've only ensured that the
supply is there for you to take 800 tons
so so up to 800 tons you know they can
deliver and the other thing to keep in
mind is that this is just treated salt
um we also buy untreated salt which was
not which is not available on the crog
bid um we buy that off the state bid
because that's cheaper and we use that
earlier in the year when it's warmer so
we stock both treated and untreated salt
um you know so we save the town a little
money earlier in the year when we don't
need stuff that works in really cold
weather okay so before we vote on this
so the difference between Cargill and
Morton on the full usage of 800 tons is
$2,114 correct
okay all right so Scott you had made
motion Paul you had seconded it so any
further
discussion all those in favor I
hi okay so we'll be moving forward with
Carill
okay okay item 10 approval of minute
meetings for 610
2024 I make a motion to approve the
beating minutes of January 10th
2024 June 10th sorry wow long day J
2024 no problem I'll second all those in
favor I I um uh item 11 uh treasurers
report any questions or issues related
to what um Cheryl provided and and
Cheryl did uh just to let everybody know
like if we look at this
um in our um
Eric um oh that's that's the
balance so we'd have to go to the second
set of this so we just I just received
an an email from Cheryl the treasurer
that the total um interest earned on the
stiff account was uh in excess of
$135,000 so I think that's great news
and good job by Eric and Cheryl to make
that happen and get that our money
making money for us so I think that's
very positive
um any other questions or anybody else
going through this and and having
anything that
um they have questions on how much money
did do we have in there
3.2 uh yeah I think the number is 3.2
million there I mean well but it depends
yeah yeah we move money in and out
monthly so we make sure we make payroll
and everything else but we leave
everything we can in this dip account
yeah at the end at the end of June it
was according to the interim balance
sheet is 34
3,427 547 and we probably need to do a
better job
of maximizing that for as long as we can
and before the interest rates drop so
um it's something that we need to get U
and I'll probably get with celest we
need to um try to have as much money a
combin mind money including the AES
balance in that account so that we
maximize our interest in earning
potential so I'll sit there and I'll get
with Celeste this month to sit there and
see what we can do related to that you
know the the other alternative that
Cheryl and I have been
discussing is
that instead of doing it that way we
continue the way we've been doing which
is funding the school in uh early
increments um so initially when we asked
the state the state had said we were
only allowed to have one stiff account
per
entity um and when we asked they said
that includes the school however we
found out an awful lot of other towns
have multiple stiff accounts so we went
back and asked that specifically and
said hey can a school and a town both
have a stiff account so one of the
options would be just to encourage the
school to get their own stiff account
and put that money into a stiff
account the problem with that is
technically a school is only be supposed
to be spending what is budgeted and
because that's not budgeted that excess
should go back to the town anyway but
what we could do is if the school set up
their stiff account we could make an
agreement with the school board that
that money would automatically flow
into the you know the AES Capital fund
that way in a sense the school is still
taking advantage of it and that's that
much less money that we as a town have
to put into that Capital fund okay um
let's sit there and see how quickly we
can get that account set up and then
I'll have a conversation with Celeste
and see if we can get that done well I
think they would have to set that up um
you sure it's not the
treasurer well let's find who has to set
it up and then we'll get that
done all right um any other questions
related to the treasurer's
report okay
one
second okay
um one thing that I wanted to discuss
and it's it's part of the the groups but
it's not here Eric put
in um it is Page
page four page four of our document it
was the information that I've been
requesting
for
um top 10 taxpayers related to
vehicles
um of the top 10 eight of them are
leasing companies so it's not exactly
what I was looking for and then two of
them were the were businesses located
within Andover one is Benjamin Franklin
which is progard and the other is C fome
excavation or I think they're an asphalt
company correct Eric
um construction I think construction
yeah yeah General construction as far as
I understand so what we as a board need
to look at and and how we need to
like uh what are the ones that may be
missing on this and and what I told Eric
is I'd like to get
the leasing companies out because those
are just individuals cars that they're
either leased or financed through and
the taxes are being paid by those
entities so that we can get a breakdown
um of the entities or the or the
individuals that have significant motor
vehicle Billings so anyway um this
information is is positive at
least there were some things that I was
looking for and at least I saw certain
things on this um but interesting how
the town makes money on cars it's you
know like if you look at progard which
is Benjamin Franklin there's 26 vehicles
and that's the total assessment value on
those 26 Vehicles so each vehicle is
$20,000 interesting I mean and look at
these cars like that's undale leasing is
you know $25,000 per
car so on
so um interesting
information so am I understanding that
you want to
see the top taxpayers from Motor
Vehicles excluding the leasing companies
is that what you were really trying to
get at here um let me get back to you on
that I want to talk to the other members
of the board and get an understanding of
what they're thinking and you know I I
do think it's good information to
provide to us and to the public because
what it's showing them is these
are
um within the community these are the
this is how we make money we make
money you know charging property taxes
on personal residences and Commercial
res commercial uh property and uh
personal uh residences and you know we
make money on businesses that are
registered in town and uh their property
and vehicles so it's listen we've got to
understand how we're making money and we
all have to understand it and we all
have to it all needs to make sense to
everybody so it's just putting that
information out there so that we're
available now do I want to see that
information Eric yes um do I want you to
sit there and have to go dig for that
right now no I want to talk to the some
of the other members to make sure that
I'm not off on a something that doesn't
make sense to them so okay like a
monthly report about where town is
making money every month we get to say a
different piece of where the Mone make
yeah yeah I mean it gives us a little
bit of at least shows us something
different I mean but I'm not not sure it
every month Scott just because the
assessor you know
the assessor will put like we all just
got our tax bills right I mean they all
showed up um each one of us got a tax
bill for our house got a tax bill for
every car that's registered within our
address and
um yeah we just need to understand that
and and understand how it works and be
able to ask legitimate questions to the
assessor about the way that those
properties are assessed and how the
taxes are collected on those and are the
taxes being collected because I also saw
something not in this last package but
the package before that Eric had
provided from the tax collector where it
gave more of a list of
delinquent
um taxpayers so that's also something
that we all need to pay attention to and
look at and help the tax collector make
sure the tax collector is going out
collecting as much of that money as we
possibly can get
um and I would um Paula and Scott I
would also suggest that if you hav't you
should look at the KAG legislative
report that was very helpful to
understand things that are you know 95%
of the items passed don't impact the
town of Andover but there are a lot and
you know speaking of that Eric has
um Eric where is the meeting with the
kog officials is that at our town hall
or is that at their yeah no that's here
they're coming out to meet with us they
go around periodically and and talk to
all the individual
towns so uh Scott and Paula if you are
available that would be good I'm going
to try to attend that
so that's it doing you do all right
[Music]
um and Jeff you were talking about the
the delinquent uh tax collection report
that's in your packet starting around
number 40 page
49 okay I will look at that as well um
we're going to move on um so item 12 so
this is the tax collector's report right
so
um let's go look at that right now what
what number did you say uh start looking
about page 49
so this is going to be a large
collection month coming up June pretty
light
$76,000 it looks like we still have
$391,000 left to collect 137,000 of that
is still from
so and then you're right so she the tax
collector gave us the delinquent report
again so we should all look at that and
sit there and see what's up and if we
need to talk to someone we
should and then Eric what is the
situation with this about going
to
um a tax sale not a tax sale but is
there a way what is the tax collector
doing to make sure that we collect on
these are we putting forth leans or are
we what are we gonna do call the
Marshall anything that's real
estate gets a lean on it um so you can't
sell the damn thing without clearing the
lean because the town is the first lean
older uh in a sale so so that's real
estate and then there's personal
property
those are kind of harder to
collect um and then there are
automobiles automobiles the primary way
you force that is by not allowing
somebody to register a motor vehicle um
unless they've cleared that so those you
tend to get later but remember we're
getting 18% interest on everybody that
owes so letting them owe for a few years
actually makes the town a fair amount of
money um not necessarily great for the
individual but but the the
town it's almost better for the town not
to collect right away um because we're
collecting most of it anyway and we're
getting in a lot of interest so from a
purely pragmatic standpoint there's no
reason to really Chase those harder and
then the personal property I think her
intention is to start using a State
Marshall to go after them because um a
state Marshall can
actually uh seize their bank accounts um
and get paid that way it's kind of a
harsh thing to do but it will get you
paid
okay all right any questions on the tax
collector's
information all right I'm move to item
13 depart Department reports uh any
questions on any of the department
reports that were provided from page 70
down you know Eric the only thing that I
you know the building permits I would
assume would be a lot higher in June and
July um
is that not the
[Music]
case um I can't answer that question off
the top of my head I can certainly ask
there was 22 building permits wasn't
there there were yeah yeah that's a lot
isn't it well I'm just asking I mean the
total
dollars generated was only 6500 for the
building department
so we should take a look at that and
understand that
um yeah yeah we were supposed to get bu
uh revised building permit
cost at one
time y so I mean it's just a question of
of Scott the total dollar
generated yeah at 22 with only $6,500
doesn't
sound yeah I mean if you sit there and
you think about the dollars that we
invest in that
department and the dollars generated you
know it's not it's not a significant
amount there used to be a breakdown of
that I think previously wasn't there's
nine building permits now the question
is are those nine decks is that nine
whole houses I mean the estimated cost
on the nine building permits is only
$190,000 of construction
cost
um this has always been an issue for me
mentally but it's something Eric that we
should look at because it is pretty
low uh anybody else start going up
that's for sure yeah you would hope
anybody else on
anything has public works I'll just ask
another one more question has Public
Works done anything with the road
sweeper uh in terms of fixing it yeah
they put it back on the road with okay
is it sweeping roads now yeah we swept
everything that got chip sealed uh got
swept one full sweeping once um it's
going to go back out and res sweep all
those in another week or
so have we how many roads have we chip
sealed
already uh we've spent our whole chip
seal budget so everything that was on
our list was Chip sealed um chip seal
goes fast that only takes a couple of
days are we all done with ship sailing
we are are we having any problems
um you know it's a lot less
Dusty uh than it has been in years
past um you know I personally think it's
a better product uh the Public Works
Foreman disagrees with me but I mean I
think that's you
know um have we gotten less
complaints yes okay then let's let's see
how it holds up and then we'll go from
there um anybody else have any other
questions I was going to suggest to have
the if we were still doing it to have
parking lot the balance of the parking
lot that wasn't paved to make it look
uniform but have chip sealed that would
have looked nice
that have you guys looked at the
driveway parking lot at the field no at
the parking lot at the Town
Hall oh know but the part of it looks
horrible three quars of it look very
nice I mean I I think we're going to end
up realistically I think we're going to
end up tearing that pavement out and
just repaving it you know I mean I don't
think chip sealing at this point is
necessarily a great plan for that
um no Scott you're not you're not wrong
I went in in when I saw that Paving I
told Eric we should have paved the whole
parking lot and we should have right but
that's okay we'll we'll get that
straightened out and do a better job
with that moving
forward
so okay uh anybody else have any other
questions
okay whoops I went the wrong way sorry
about
that uh item 14 correspondence Eric
anything from correspondence nope
okay uh and we're going to move on to
item 15 public
speak um one second uh Diane
granier it would be me yes yeah um
I want to talk about the The Long Hill
bridge and um I'm delighted that you're
considering the aesthetic looks of the
the bridge when uh it's redone I think
that that's that's good um Andover is
starting to look really nice lot of
little nuggets of places that are
looking good and this will add to that
and uh that that's a good idea um I
share your your um concerns about hendy
Road and Route Six going to be a problem
while that's being done um because there
is no light there is there any way of
having a temporary light put in there
does feel free to go to the meeting and
express your concerns to the dod all
good questions for tomorrow okay well
actually I'm Tethered to the house I
will not be able to attend the meeting
um but it's a zoom meeting it's Zoom
Diane oh is it yes Zoom I will I will
try to attend that but is it I don't
know temporary light seemed like that
might be an in um that's a good
idea yeah so if I if I'm not there
please bring it up I
will uh the blight issue being addressed
um I think that again I agree with Scott
that that's a a good idea there's lots
of places that are um looking a lot
better in town and um there's still some
that need some attention but uh I'm glad
to see that that's being addressed and I
think everybody would agree with that
that's a that's a good thing so
um I think that's it uh
oh one more thing I talked to I think
Scott about this the um the new
community and Senior Center um what is
that rip wrap mountain in the back that
looks God awful and I know that that was
not on the original plan and I suspect
that that's um followed the money issue
and I've talked to lots of people and
they all agree that that is just God
awful just God awful the building looks
so good and you have that rip rap
mountain and I hope at some point
there's a a plan to tear that down and
do a terrist wall like um originally
planned because again it's just awful
it's just an accident waiting to happen
you know children are going to play on
that and we're going to have a landslide
or something I don't know just I say
aesthetically horrible and I say an
accident waiting to happen so we're
working on it Diane thank you we're
working on it Diane it's getting us back
to our nautical Roots Dian all right
lean Leanne Hutchins thank you thank
you hi yes thank you very much for your
appointment tonight um I'm really
looking forward to it and one of the
things that I'm looking forward to the
most into the programming Etc is seeing
how it plays out with any possible other
staff members and the use of volunteers
from town um and to what extent that
might be which is I think it's been
mentioned here and there at your
meetings s where the board of Finance
meetings thanks again all right thank
you very much Joanne
Ebert yeah I just had a couple quick
things I wanted to bring up I'm glad you
asked about the chip seal um I am amazed
at how good it looks um having been of
one of the streets that had a bad
experience last year so I'm so glad you
went with this different contractor I
driving down it the other day knowing it
was just done and realizing that there
wasn't the dust all over and that had
already been properly swept and
everything it looks so good I I I'm
amazed so I wanted so I went on a couple
of the streets I knew were going to be
done because I had told Eric before how
disappointed I was in Bear Swamp it just
looks like an old Street and
unfortunately when my kids came home
they said do we have a dirt road now and
again we can't go back but I'm happy for
the um that you made the decision you
did because it looks like this product
looks really good and I hope the wear
holds up like you said Jeff um the other
quick thing that I wanted to bring up
was um just for your information because
you asked the question um Eric didn't
have the answer for you with why the
board of uh at our Board of fin
meeting um last month the Board of Ed
happened to be there talking about a
couple things that you know an agreement
that we're working on so they had talked
about and Eric wasn't present at this
meeting I think he was um yeah so the
reason for turning away the engineering
study um that Eric maybe presented from
a person that he knew the Board of Ed
just thought it was really really High
expensive so I'm surprised Eric Eric
told you guys he has no idea that the
Board of Ed just wants their own so I
want to be positive in everything that
all of our boards do together and just
keep that positive you know Vibe it it
was nothing of that they just felt it
was really really high if my memory
serves correctly it was about
19,000 um I could be totally wrong on
that but it was just the expense so so
they wanted to go out and get another
estimate on the survey or the plan or
the engineering study I'm not good at
that kind of language but that's all
just wanted to answer the question thank
you okay all right uh Paula are you in
control of the
meeting okay um everyone thank you very
much uh next on the list we do have an
executive session that I would like to
um uh speak about um an employment is
issue um and what I would like to do is
um I'd like to invite Eric but it
concerns Eric and I've already spoken to
him I'd like to speak to the group but
without him to begin with and then we'll
bring Eric in so everybody else thank
you for joining us uh we appreciate it
and uh Paul if you can get everyone else
out of the meeting and then put Eric
into the waiting room for two minutes
and then we'll be good